Apply 9800 default port, introduce `hosts` config for `logstash-output`. (#13)
logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-logstash: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.0.3

>   - Default 9800 port applied, multiple hosts can be configured now in upstream [#13](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-logstash/pull/13)

Author: ```suggestion
  - Default 9800 port applied for both input and output plugins. `hosts` can be configured in `logstash-output` but it supports single host for now [#13](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-logstash/pull/13)
```

>   - Default 9800 port applied, multiple hosts can be configured now in upstream [#13](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-logstash/pull/13)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Use port 9800 as default. Replace config `host` with `hosts` in Output plugin. [#13](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-logstash/pull/13)
```
